Company Overview

WarnerMedia is a powerful portfolio of iconic entertainment, news, and sports brands. We bring people, technology, and the world’s best storytellers together to drive culture and meaningful connection. We believe the enduring power of stories can open our eyes to the world, to each other, and to new and different perspectives. 

Join us. Shape your story here.

Full Stack Designer, Growth Marketing Design, HBO Max

We won’t chase the market, we will define it. We will bring audiences a product that doesn’t exist today. We will do it because no other company can deliver our brands to consumers the way we can. We have the passion, the commitment and the support to be the best. Join our HBO Max team and show us your best.

The Job

As a Full Stack Designer, HBO Max Growth Marketing, you will assist in driving the visual and technical success for the creative and visual execution of WarnerMedia’s digital and online marketing channels.  The Full Stack Designer will be focused on coding and creating at the same time with the latest innovations in technology, HTML, CSS and beyond. You will be hands-on and collaborate with innovative Product Designers, Product Managers, Sr. Designers/Designers, Project Managers, Content Strategists, and Copywriters to prototype, conceptualize and deploy innovative digital web experiences – as well as consulting and recommending design tech solutions to various design partners.

The Daily

    Responsible for executing on creative projects with an emphasis on visual design and typography, interaction, and front-end code – actively participating in creative briefings, assist in the development and execution of creative concepts (both independently and with the team), determine solutions/alternatives when necessary and present to key business stakeholders.
    Strong understanding of digital and social platforms, as well as their use within growth marketing that will ultimately impact the big picture.
    Work on digital HBO Max campaigns using various customer communication touchpoints, including motion, animation and video and code.
    Part product design, part visual design, part front-end. You’re a master of all!
    Ability to collaborate with all consumer facing touchpoints for growth marketing including but not limited to email, social, hbomax.com, experiential and in-app from both a technical and a visual point-of-view.
    Responsible for ensuring artwork is ready for review by design leadership.
    Integrate robust design skills, including layout, typography, video, motion, design patterns and copywriting into all marketing campaigns through front end execution.
    Passion for creating beautiful, pixel perfect visual designs and all the latest tech design solutions.
    Ability to strategically think across platforms, solve technical problems, mastering the constantly changing content across channels to drive successful marketing objectives and campaigns.
    Good communication skills for partnering with peers and helping the CD, Full Stack Design achieve leadership goals
    Support and align with growth marketing products and initiatives to ensure continuity across all platforms.
    Other duties as assigned.

The Essentials

    3-6 years of advanced-level design and front-end, preferably in entertainment.
    Highly skilled in visual design and typography.  Motion is a plus!
    Robust experience in HTML, CSS, Javascript; Photoshop, Illustrator, Figma/Sketch/XD/InVision/Axure.

    Visually stunning, cutting-edge portfolio not only showcasing a strong eye, but also strong storytelling and problem-solving abilities.
    Strong aptitude for building effective relationships in a fast-paced, constantly changing and deadline driven environment.
    Knowledgeable, understanding and experience in UI/UX design specialization, Web & App Development, Email Design & Development and SEO.
    Not hesitant to escalate issues where necessary to upper management.

    Energetic, positive and roll-up-your-sleeves collaborator.
    Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally with all levels; exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
    Love of television, film and media, as well as a passion for staying on top of industry trends.
    Ambition to do more with less, to work smarter not harder.

    Ability to synthesize a lot of information to distill root cause and make informed decisions to mitigate risk.
    Video Production & Effect skills a plus!

The Perks

    Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings
    Paid time off every year to volunteer for eligible employees
    Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies
    Access to in-house learning and development resources
    Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
